Hello everyone today took again
such packages from mail
here we have one big package
here we have a lot of sneakers
ordered
one girl here still has a suit for children
and we have still some parcel and Th us
women's pantyhose as they are called
move here so let's watch
still probably such a large package
Lexus boxes
here's a sneaker type of heat night but it
fake
Now let's see show the box rumpled
inside dangles so look set
position socks nike nike sport
guys well thank you all the seller wrote
good review
so we look ourselves sneakers detailed
all show nike free
Well, apparently a good quality is very even
nothing
here really you see something like
on glue but it tears off but so here
outwardly sneakers of course very well
look so sole this 2 without jerk
sneakers guys are generally great
the material is still pretty good so
look you can take before ordered not
missed the link will be under the video so
what are watching ordering
look further, this is our suit with
hood checks and here with horse full
described ralph lauren has its tick.
here stretch can handle serve
stretch pants still here and here
back in autocad we have tsiferka 3 on
sleeve so well, in general, like nothing
Although they ordered it on the site there
some color
whether brownish ture blue can not remember
you can not ordered but the thing is not bad
You can guys in Russia and look
further here we have a piece of leopard
another girl is just to order
but to find opens here opens
everything is already like that
tights looks I do not know what to call
such quality is not bad
inside it just fell out just that kind of swelling
.
that 's the size of everything else so the thing
it is immediately clear too
inside here we are and dentin is written so
here guys are so connected with a reviewer here
there will be many more packages soon
a lot of interesting there we had
I ordered the clock myself
shirts in general there a lot of things go
interesting so put likes
subscribe to the channel all waiting
see everything bye